davi pakter: This guy's probably not gonna show
davi pakter: They've been trying to call him, but he doesn't have a voicemail box.
davi pakter: Hello.
Galaxy A10e: Hi, how you doing,
davi pakter: I'm doing well, how about you.
davi pakter: Right, okay. I'm Dr. Parker and you are Morgan. Correct. Yes. Okay. So welcome to bright heart health. This is your first appointment.
davi pakter: What, what brings you to bright heart.
Galaxy A10e: And trying to get help and get put on
Galaxy A10e: Suboxone three
davi pakter: Okay, for one of even visit for opiates or pain or what do you been doing
Galaxy A10e: Originally for opiates. And then, uh,
Galaxy A10e: I just got I just did a 13 years in prison and
Galaxy A10e: I've just got out and I'm kind of having PTSD issues.
davi pakter: You're having PTSD.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. And, uh,
Galaxy A10e: The Suboxone is really the only thing that helping that
Galaxy A10e: Right now, and buying it on the street.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: So when you were in in inside, were you using opiates.
davi pakter: Yes. Okay. What we're using their
davi pakter: Heroin, okay.
davi pakter: And when did you get out
Galaxy A10e: March 20
Okay.
davi pakter: After 13 years
davi pakter: Yes. Okay.
davi pakter: And how much heroin were using on the inside, about
Galaxy A10e: About a gram a day.
Okay.
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: Then you got out, you started buying Suboxone on the street. There you are using the tablets or this trip or the film's
Galaxy A10e: Strip the scripts.
davi pakter: How many using a day.
One.
Galaxy A10e: milligram
davi pakter: One of eight. Okay.
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: When with that one, do you are you having any cravings for heroin.
Galaxy A10e: No cravings for anything.
And
davi pakter: Are you having any like withdrawal symptoms.
Galaxy A10e: No, I'm not.
Galaxy A10e: You feel comfortable comfortable here.
Okay.
davi pakter: No, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, nothing like that.
davi pakter: No. Okay.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: Let's see. Let me get a little bit more background history from you, and then we can come up with a plan on how to get you on to Suboxone through bright heart.
Okay.
davi pakter: All right.
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: Let's go through your history here.
davi pakter: Do you have any medical problems.
davi pakter: No, nothing. You said PTSD.
Galaxy A10e: Oh yes, I thought it was a different question.
davi pakter: Yeah, no, that's, that's more mental health, but yeah. Yeah. Yo,
davi pakter: All right.
davi pakter: And what is the what is the trauma from. You don't have to go into it but just so I'm aware.
Galaxy A10e: Violence and witness to homicide.
davi pakter: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: I witnessed 11 homicides.
davi pakter: Wow. Sorry, that was a while you were in prison or before
Galaxy A10e: No in prison.
Okay.
davi pakter: What were you in there for more or less.
Galaxy A10e: Of property property crime.
Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Federal agents.
davi pakter: Are you, do you have any depression or suicide pseudo suicidal thoughts.
davi pakter: No. Okay.
davi pakter: And other than the PTSD, you're pretty healthy no diabetes blood pressure or anything like that.
Galaxy A10e: No, I have no physical problem.
davi pakter: Okay, do you take any other medications.
Nope.
davi pakter: Have you ever had any surgeries or been hospitalized.
Galaxy A10e: Know when I was a child.
davi pakter: Would you have
Galaxy A10e: Strep throat spinal meningitis. They thought it was spinal meningitis or something like that.
Okay.
davi pakter: And then what's your current situation, as far as where you're living
Galaxy A10e: I live in Roseville, California with my family.
davi pakter: With like your, your wife, your, your partner or your
Galaxy A10e: Mom and Dad.
davi pakter: Your mom and dad. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: And then, uh, my wife is relocating down here.
Galaxy A10e: This is me. Figure it out.
Galaxy A10e: She lives up in Northern California has been doing my time.
davi pakter: Okay, so you're married.
davi pakter: For how long 13 plus some
Yeah.
davi pakter: When do you get married.
Galaxy A10e: 2006 or seven runner.
davi pakter: So you so you went to prison right after you got married.
Galaxy A10e: About a year within here.
davi pakter: And you stayed married throughout that whole time.
Yes.
davi pakter: Wow, that must have been hard.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
davi pakter: Do you have any kids.
Galaxy A10e: I have a daughter, she's 23 but I had her before.
davi pakter: Different woman.
Differently.
davi pakter: Okay. And then do you smoke tobacco.
Galaxy A10e: My to
Galaxy A10e: chew tobacco. Yeah.
davi pakter: There we go.
davi pakter: And then I bought an alcohol.
Galaxy A10e: I don't, I don't really drink and once a while I have a beer with dinner or something, but I don't really I don't get drunk. I don't think
davi pakter: Do you exercise.
davi pakter: Regularly and you eat healthy.
davi pakter: Yes. Okay. Um, let's see.
davi pakter: What kind of work did you do
Galaxy A10e: Know the commercial fishermen and forklift operator.
davi pakter: Where'd you grow up.
Galaxy A10e: Monterey County.
Galaxy A10e: Salinas, California.
Okay.
davi pakter: School
Galaxy A10e: graduate high school
davi pakter: Okay, I think that's about it. What else do I need to know about you in order to provide the best care.
Galaxy A10e: I'm just having severe
Galaxy A10e: I don't know how to. You want me to describe what I'm going through or just, I don't really know.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Well,
Galaxy A10e: I've been dealing with it for a little bit now and
Galaxy A10e: Whenever I was around the violence.
Galaxy A10e: Or involved in, I get real calm everything slows down and
Galaxy A10e: It's like fight mode, right.
Galaxy A10e: And then now I wake up from dreams are
Galaxy A10e: Zone out and it's kind of like reliving the
Galaxy A10e: Flashback and relive it and I feel like I don't know if this would either not, but I feel like it's flight mode at that time.
Galaxy A10e: I can't breathe the heart racing.
Galaxy A10e: I'm scared was amusing not scared.
Galaxy A10e: I don't know. I go to sleep. About three 330 I wake up 536
davi pakter: So you're barely sleeping.
Galaxy A10e: Sleeping.
davi pakter: Okay, well, um,
davi pakter: I think the Suboxone can help with it, it's you know, it's more for the the opioid cravings and that sort of thing.
davi pakter: But the, is it possible, can you put your phone down so it's steady. So you're not holding in your hand.
davi pakter: Just like on a table or something.
davi pakter: Yeah, that helps me
davi pakter: Okay, thank you. So
davi pakter: But it's not going to get to the PTSD necessarily that's going to require some you know therapy and probably seeing a psychiatrist or
davi pakter: Some type of mental health practitioner. Do you have a primary care provider.
Galaxy A10e: regular doctor
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, no.
davi pakter: Okay, so it's going to be important for you to get that going.
davi pakter: Where you said you live in Roseville
davi pakter: Rosedale Rosedale
davi pakter: Okay Bakersfield. Yeah, I don't. I'm sure you can if you get online. I'm sure you can find a community clinic there and go get signed up. But that's going to be important because we're mainly what we manage here at bright heart is
davi pakter: Did addiction and dependence, which, of course, it's hard to tease out that from the PTSD, but
davi pakter: I think, in order to to get you all the support you need.
davi pakter: That's going to be an important piece to look into getting a regular doc, like you said,
Okay.
davi pakter: And but we do have therapists here again, they're more focused on on
davi pakter: Addiction independence, but we will get you an appointment with a therapist to talk a little bit more about the PTSD symptoms. Have you ever seen a doctor about that before or this is the first time you're experiencing it.
Galaxy A10e: Was been about the last two years, and I, I spoke to the doctor inside
davi pakter: Uh huh.
Galaxy A10e: But other than that, no.
davi pakter: Did they try to prescribe any medicine for you.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I won't take segments.
davi pakter: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: I've taken I've taken them before when I was younger and stuff. And I don't like them.
davi pakter: WHAT WERE YOU WHAT WERE YOU PRESCRIBE when you were younger.
Galaxy A10e: Once was lol and the other was Cypress
davi pakter: For depression or why
Galaxy A10e: Well, yeah, they were trying to help me figure out why that was using drugs and stuff like that.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: So tell me a little bit more about your substance use started prior to prison.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
davi pakter: What were you using when you before you went in.
davi pakter: Methamphetamine. Okay, any other things.
Galaxy A10e: We
Galaxy A10e: Alcohol.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, pretty much anything I get my hands on.
davi pakter: And then the opioids didn't start till prison.
davi pakter: Yeah, got it.
davi pakter: All right.
davi pakter: Well, I understand. You don't want to take psych meds, would you be willing to take a medicine that will help with the nightmares.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Okay.
davi pakter: That that I can prescribe for you. It's called praise or sin.
davi pakter: And Elise, hopefully you can get some sleep.
davi pakter: Which will probably help with most things
davi pakter: But
davi pakter: Yeah, I mean,
davi pakter: I think that the medication will get you so far, but it's going to be kind of the more introspective work and maybe working with a therapist or
davi pakter: You know,
davi pakter: Doing some
davi pakter: Work on yourself, so to speak, to figure out what's going on with the the underlying feelings.
davi pakter: So because like I said, the, the Suboxone as you know it's not an end.
Galaxy A10e: It's just, you know,
davi pakter: The whole picture of what's going on with you and how we can get you functioning and feeling good, to the best, you know, of your potential
Galaxy A10e: I can always I can always find that. And if I don't, then I'm going to end up doing heroin.
davi pakter: What the Suboxone
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
davi pakter: As long as you stick with us. You won't have to worry about that.
Galaxy A10e: Alright, cool.
davi pakter: Yeah, we'll we can always do that the one issue is going to be that if you're using math or anything else.
Galaxy A10e: It millions anything else.
davi pakter: Oh, you're off the math now.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I haven't used it for years.
davi pakter: Okay, great.
Galaxy A10e: Goes years I haven't done anything
Galaxy A10e: In the last five maybe five years.
Galaxy A10e: I did, I did heroin.
davi pakter: And then
Galaxy A10e: They started, they started prescribing Suboxone and in the pin.
Galaxy A10e: Uh huh. And
Galaxy A10e: I acquired some and
Galaxy A10e: When I'm on that.
Galaxy A10e: I've tried everything from legal prescription
Galaxy A10e: Just like me as well that stuff drug everything in this abortion makes me feel normal.
davi pakter: Yeah, that's your, you're not alone. A lot of people say that. So wait, are you taking the Suboxone right now.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I'm buying it on the street.
davi pakter: Okay. So when did you take your last dose.
This morning
davi pakter: Okay, so you're feeling okay right now.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I got two left. And then I gotta go back out.
davi pakter: Okay, no problem, we'll, we'll send a prescription in and I'll send some of the medicine for the nightmares, to see if that just helps you sleep a little bit better.
davi pakter: And in the meantime, it sounds like we've got a lot going on with you.
davi pakter: Going for you with the exercise, eating healthy. One thing that you might add into the mix is a little bit of like breathing exercises or relaxation. Have you ever tried anything like that.
No.
davi pakter: Okay, well, you have a smartphone. So if you go to, there's an app called insight timer. If you write this down.
davi pakter: I N si GH T insight timer.
davi pakter: Yeah, you can download that app for free. And on that app or thousands of guided imagery
davi pakter: Guided Meditations, that you can filter by time. You know, if you want to do five minutes 10 minutes 20 minutes or however long
davi pakter: And you can find some for stress or anxiety or even for trauma and I think practicing those and learning how to regulate your breath may be helpful to take you out of that fight or flight, like you said that that fight mentality.
davi pakter: To help you start to learn how to regulate your nervous system using the breath and
davi pakter: Learning how to relax. It's going to take a while, probably because there's a lot of attention built up
davi pakter: But if you spend just a few minutes every day, learning how to breathe slower down into the into the abdomen belly breathing. That is like the
davi pakter: That's the antidote to the fight or flight to the stress response is learning how to slow down that breath and bring it down in the belly. So if you check out that app.
davi pakter: There's a lot of good information there and different meditations that you can explore to help working work on balancing the nervous system again.
davi pakter: And in the meantime, I'll send over this prescription will keep you going at one, one strip a day and then try the praise of sin. That's the name of the nightmare medicine. It's a lot of my patients find it very effective.
davi pakter: And then we'll also get you connected with one of our therapists here at bright heart.
davi pakter: The other thing about our program is that moving forward. All of our visits are going to be in a group. Okay. It'll be just like this on line, except for there'll be other people in the room with us and
davi pakter: So,
davi pakter: What what group would be I have three groups right now. Monday or Tuesday at seven or Friday at 11am
Galaxy A10e: These are both in the morning.
davi pakter: No, no, that sorry Monday and Tuesday 7pm or Monday or Friday 11am
Galaxy A10e: Friday at 11 would be great.
davi pakter: That'd be good. Okay, so
davi pakter: So then we'll have you follow up this Friday at 11. It's the same thing about joining this group, you just go, No, actually it's different. You go to the virtual clinic. The main number
davi pakter: Instead of coming to this is my, my personal room will go to a different room where the group will be held.
davi pakter: We do need to do some blood work. Oh, did you already do it.
Galaxy A10e: No, it's a patient
davi pakter: You got the order, though. Yeah, so we need to get that blood and urine done
davi pakter: And then we can review it next.
davi pakter: On Friday, the one thing is about the program. So we want to make sure that you're
davi pakter: You know, engaged in the program. So if you know show to appointments or if you have urine that have things that shouldn't be in there which shouldn't be an issue for you because you're only using the beauty but
davi pakter: It if you're if you're not keeping your appointments or you're, you're not following through with what we require, then it means that I will only be able to give you shorter prescriptions so
davi pakter: You have to be going back and forth to the pharmacy. But if you're, you know, following
davi pakter: Our recommendations and meeting, you're coming to your appointments and you know your your ends are normal. Then we can space it out and then you just come every month, you know, once we get everything kind of stabilized. Does that make sense.
davi pakter: Yeah, okay. It's fine. So for right now, I'll prescribe enough to get you to Friday and then
davi pakter: After that, if you can get your labs and your urine done meet with the therapists and kind of get involved in the program, then I can start to extend the prescriptions out
davi pakter: Alright, so I'm going to send it. Are you doing brand name Suboxone or the generic
Galaxy A10e: It's a brand name.
davi pakter: Okay, you have, what kind of insurance, you have
davi pakter: Medical. All right. Yeah, I think that covers it. So, would an name Suboxone films one daily
davi pakter: And it looks like you have CVS on main avenue. Is that correct,
davi pakter: Yes. Okay, great.
davi pakter: Alright, so
davi pakter: I sent enough to get you through till Friday.
davi pakter: And
davi pakter: You just make sure it goes through
Galaxy A10e: So I have a number for a lab. I can go ahead and call after this, instead of that.
davi pakter: Please, yeah. Perfect. Well,
davi pakter: What kind of exercise you like to do
Galaxy A10e: I like to lift weights. But right now, there's, I don't have a gym open, so I just do a I swim every day in the morning and I do laughs and then I do push ups and apps that all I can do right now.
davi pakter: Okay, great.
davi pakter: Yeah. Alright. So it sounds like you. You are all set. Let me make sure there's you said no medications. Oh, I'm also going to send that praises sent over to the same pharmacy for you to see if that does help you get a little bit better sleep.
davi pakter: We got. So to wrap up.
davi pakter: We're going to continue you on the dose that you're taking of one strip a day, you're going to try to track down a regular doc, I'll have them call you about the therapy.
davi pakter: We're going to start the praises sin as well, have you follow up Friday at 11am and get your labs and urine done as soon as possible.
davi pakter: Okay, and then continue the self care, you're doing with your exercise with your good diet and then maybe incorporating some of the guided meditations breathing exercises to start to address the the trauma and the stress.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
davi pakter: That sounds like a good plan for now.
Galaxy A10e: That sounds great.
davi pakter: Okay, any questions or anything you want to ask me or anything. I should know about you.
Galaxy A10e: I really well. I
Galaxy A10e: Want to make sure I have the right number for the lab.
davi pakter: Okay.
davi pakter: What lab. What number do you have
Galaxy A10e: 661-695-3017
davi pakter: Okay and and who gave you that number.
Galaxy A10e: The lady that did my intake or
davi pakter: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: It should be the right one.
davi pakter: To me is is one thing I can't help with. But if it's not
davi pakter: Just call us back at the main number and they'll figure out the correct number
Galaxy A10e: I figure I got it.
davi pakter: I'm just, okay, yeah. Anything else
Galaxy A10e: No, that's it.
davi pakter: Okay. All right. Great. Good to meet you. I'll see you Friday 11
Galaxy A10e: Okay, and
Galaxy A10e: CBS CBS. So let me know or I just go there.
davi pakter: Usually, it should be ready in about an hour, but you might want to call and check or usually they text or something, I don't know exactly how it works there, but I'll let you know.
davi pakter: And if anything comes up between now and Friday. You can get a message to me anytime 24 seven. Okay.
davi pakter: If I don't ask.
davi pakter: For someone that's covering for me will answer.
davi pakter: Okay. Okay. All right. Morgan very
davi pakter: Good to meet you. Welcome.
Galaxy A10e: Thank you for care.
Yeah.